Optionally omit fields from error (#257)
dbartholomae/middy-middleware-json-error-handler: README.md

  throw new Error('Search is not implemented yet')
}

> // Specify which are the error properties to omit in response (by default, one the stack is omitted)
> const options = {
>   errorPropertiesToOmit: ['name', 'statusCode']
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Specify which are the error properties to omit in response (by default, only the stack is omitted)
const options = {
  errorPropertiesToOmit: ['name', 'statusCode', 'stack']
}
```
